Brady Lund: Hello, everyone. I wanted to briefly go over
Brady Lund: the layout of this course and some of the major assignments and activities we're going to have in the course, basically just familiarize you with the look and feel of what the course is going to be like. So right here we have the home page. And I'm in student view. So this is essentially what it should look like for you.
Brady Lund: basic information here. Basic navigational menu should be pretty similar to most of the courses you're taking.
Brady Lund: Of course you're going to want to review
Brady Lund: the syllabus for the class. This has
Brady Lund: all of the information you're going to need about expectations, grading outcomes, course schedule, late submission, penalties.
Brady Lund: so on and so forth.
Brady Lund: It also has information about me how to get a hold of me. A zoom link. So if you need to schedule a meeting with me I ask that 1st you send me an email so we can arrange a time that works well for you. I do have office hours, but
Brady Lund: may work best if you just
Brady Lund: send me an email and then we can find a time that really works well for you as well. But that will be my zoom link, so you can join my personal room, have a chat with me. So on, so forth.
Brady Lund: Of course. Next, we need to talk about our module overview. This is the standard information in canvas. You can navigate that. Read over that in your own time as you like.
Brady Lund: Then our 1st week, we're going to focus in this introduction. So I mean, you'll be watching the video so hopefully, you found the module that will be in this module here. Once I've finished recording and uploaded it. But you have several other things to review this week.
Brady Lund: Brief introduction to me. Syllabus. Of course, this is the Powerpoint. So we're I'm gonna have
Brady Lund: a brief lecture each week where I'm just talking about some concepts related to that week's topic. The the Powerpoint is going to have all those slides so you can navigate through that.
Brady Lund: See what I'm talking about each week.
Brady Lund: Citation style. Make sure you read this. You are going to be required to include citations with many of your discussion posts and different assignments. So information on how to cite.
Brady Lund: to make sure you get those full points, is there? So please make sure you review that. And and of course feel free to email me. If you have any questions about that.
Brady Lund: We have a discussion post this 1st week. It's just a general. Introduce yourself so I can learn a little more about you. You can share a little bit about yourself, and then next steps is just going to tell you
Brady Lund: more about how to navigate through the course.
Brady Lund: I include the dates for each
Brady Lund: modules. You can know what we're working on in a given week. You'll see some weeks. We have
Brady Lund: more than others in terms of the length of the module. So right now I only have a few modules published, but once I have more published. You'll see, for instance, like Module 4, I think, is is 2 weeks in length, so make sure to keep track of those dates under each module. You're going to have a module introduction.
Brady Lund: so you can see that here. I'm still working on the course and not everything's published for every week. But to get you a general idea. What what we're going to have is a module introduction learning objectives for every module. So that's going to have
Brady Lund: our learning objectives. It's going to have a agenda and outline of what you need to be working on throughout the week.
Brady Lund: And then it's going to have an introduction about a thousand words, and that's your main reading for the week essentially, is to read that content that I've prepared for you. You're going to have a lecture.
Brady Lund: It's up to you how you want to approach the lecture. So when you click into that, it's going to be a link to zoom recording. So there is a transcript, and you can read over the Transcript. A lot of the content is going to be similar to the introduction. But just me talking about it, instead, giving some additional insights.
Brady Lund: All the questions for our quizzes in the class are going to actually come from the introduction and learning objectives. So the lecture is just really to enhance for your own learning sake.
Brady Lund: But but I strongly encourage you to watch those lectures each week. I think it will provide a little additional insight to the topic. And then each week, as you can see here, we're going to have a guided reading activity, which is essentially.
Brady Lund: you know, I'm steering you towards what I want you to look into in more detail. So there's going to be links to different things to read. For instance, 4 links here to read about different definitions of what is information science? And then you're answering some questions or following some prompts, just discussing those readings. So I'm guiding you through that reading process looking at specific things that are important.
Brady Lund: and then many weeks, we'll have a Qqr.
Brady Lund: For those who aren't familiar that just stands for question, quote reaction. So essentially, what I'm asking you to do is to go out.
Brady Lund: find some additional readings on the topic of the week on your own. So do some searching on Google Google Scholar, find something that sounds interesting on the topic that is of interest to you and your particular background. It's designed to be free form, so you can pick something within the general topic of the week. But then pick something within that that's really interesting to you. So
Brady Lund: you know, if you're interested in like sociology, and our topic is like information ethics, you know, how does like information privacy
Brady Lund: tie into some kind of concept within sociology. You're welcome to explore something like that. So the idea is to read what you want to read related to the week's topic. Then tell me one question you have based on that reading one quote. So one thing you found stated in a reading that really stood out to you, and then just a brief but general reaction to what you read.
Brady Lund: and I've got some grading criteria there as well.
Brady Lund: There are 4 assignments in the class. I do not have them published at this time, but you can. You can see some information about them.
Brady Lund: I'll as we approach each of those. I should mention them in my lecture a bit.
Brady Lund: Each of those is going to have detailed instructions. It's going to be an assignment that you work through. Write a
Brady Lund: response to some questions, write a short essay something of that
Brady Lund: character, and those are worth a little bit more. Those are worth 25 points each, and then the last 2 things we need to discuss briefly, here are our midterm and final exam.
Brady Lund: Once I've got all the modules up and published here, which they should be up and published by the time you're navigating through the course here
Brady Lund: you'll see that there is information about the midterm and final exam. Published within those modules. So it'll be like guide or tips for the midterm final exam.
Brady Lund: It's going to give you some information about what's in the midterm and final exam.
Brady Lund: But essentially, the midterm is going to be questions relating to the 1st half of the class.
Brady Lund: and the final is going to be mostly second half of the class, but with 5 questions relating to the 1st half, both
Brady Lund: exams are going to be 25 points, 25 questions, 1 point per question. So those 2 exams are worth about 20% of your grade.
Brady Lund: The assignments are worth 40%, and the Qqrs. And the guided readings combined are worth 40%. So that comprises your final grade in the class.
Brady Lund: So that's a general structure of what we have here for the class
Brady Lund: as you're navigating through. Feel free to reach out to me. If you have questions, or you're encountering some kind of difficulty. I'm happy to meet with you on Zoom. I'm happy to provide some kind of explanation. Help, guidance those kinds of things, so please do not hesitate to contact me the earlier you can contact me. The earlier you can communicate with me the better off it's going to be for you.
Brady Lund: So with that, said, Thank you for watching this video, and we will talk to you again soon. Thank you.